All right.
So we've learned about each team mail including page structure tags syntax attributes and more.
But H.M. by itself is very ugly as you've seen.
So we need CSX are cascading style sheets to make our mark up or each team out look presentable.
So the goal of this section is to look at the fundamental CSX properties for things like fonts colors
alignment positioning etc..
Now this section after this will we'll be creating an actual Web site project.
But I didn't want to jump right into that right into a full project because I want you guys to really
understand what's going on and understand what these properties are doing rather than just jump into
a Web site project and have you copy the code and you know just follow along if you're really comfortable
with basic CSX.
Feel free to skip around.
But even if you've worked with CSX before I think that they'll be things in this section that will still
help you out that you can still learn.
So here's a list of what will be going over in this section.
I'm going to show you how to actually implement CSX as there's a few different ways we're going to look
at basic selectors so that we can actually grab different elements whether it's by the tag name or the
I.D. the class will look at fonts and colors and different properties different color types like hexadecimal
our G.B. we're gonna look at backgrounds and borders including background colors background images box
model and margin and padding.
I'm going to look at what the box model is what exactly margin is where that spacing goes where the
padding goes floating in alignment.
OK.
Now there are more more modern ways to align things on a page such as flex box and the grid system and
we're gonna get into that later on.
This section is all about just core basics RSS.
OK.
We're also going to be looking at the display properties so display inline display block inline block.
We'll look at styling links and buttons creating menus such as a horizontal navigation menu as well
as a vertical menu positioning.
So relative positioning absolute fixed and so on form styling and then we're also going to be using
the Google Chrome dev tools quite a bit to look at the age.
Tim Allen CSX as well as the computed CSX and stuff like that.
All right.
So just like with the the last section we're gonna have a sandbox.
So this will be the CSX sandbox where we're going to have a different file for different aspects of
of the section different aspects of CSX.
And you can keep this and use it if you ever need to go back to and these files will be included in
the lecture downloads.
And then after this section we're going to start putting everything together and we're going to build
a simple hotel website.
OK.
So you and you can either use the CSF sandbox start of files or you can just create the files as you
go like I'm gonna be doing in the video but that's it.
Let's go ahead and get started.